[Cormac] Previously on
The Continental...
What Frankie took
is very important.
Find your brother.
'cause if you don't.
I'll bring the weight of this
whole institution
down on you both.
[alarm blares]
[Adjudicator]
Where is the coin press?
Frankie took it.
You thought you could
outsmart the High Table...
foolish.
[Winston] Running guns.
I'm guessing.
Were you close
with them over there?
If you need someone
in charge of saving your life.
I'll take Frankie every time.
We made a promise to Dad.
This was his dojo. but now
it's just some money pit
that you can't seem to let go.
You made a big fucking
mistake coming here. Winston.
We're all running now.
but I can help you...
both of you.
Trust me.
So you think
I'm just gonna drop a case
and go back to making it
with you
like this conversation
never happened?
My job is to fuck you.
Look. I'm looking
for the supplier.
His name is Francis Scott.
and he is a ghost.
[Mayhew] We have
no authority here.
It's time to outsource.
Perhaps some of our guests
are available... the twins.
Get me those twins.
[Frankie] You both need
to look after each other.
They want me and this!
[Winston] Frankie!
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
I need guns. lots of guns.
[siren wailing]
[stick rattling]
♪ ♪
Let me get that rag.
- Let me do it.
- No way.
You said yourself
I'm the one with the arm.
And who struck you out
twice last week?
You keep bringing that up.
I ain't gonna let you do shit.
It ain't just about that.
Why. 'cause I'm younger?
[passerby coughs]
Damn kid.
Why you even bring me for.
just so I can carry the rag?
All right. fine.
You better be
Whitey goddamn Ford
with this.
or Cormac's gonna have our ass.
you hear me?
♪ ♪
Watch your hand. Winston.
Go.
♪ ♪
[indistinct shouting
in Spanish]
[person] Fuego!
[screaming]
- [Winston gasps]
- [person] Ayúdame!
[voice breaking]
There's people in there.
- [Frankie] Run.
- [person] Ayúdame!
Frankie.
there's people in there.
[glass shattering.
shouting continues]
♪ ♪
Winston. run!
[siren wailing]
[Ezra] Hey.
- The brother?
- [Miles] Yeah.
- Yeah. that's him.
- [Ezra] Personal effects.
[Miles] Thanks. Ezra.
We don't have much time.
♪ ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[breathes deeply]
♪ ♪
[♪ Baby Huey & The
Babysitters: "Hard Times"]
♪ ♪
[Baby Huey]
♪ Cold. cold eyes upon me ♪
♪ They stare ♪
♪ People all around me.
and they're all in fear ♪
♪ They don't seem to want me.
but they won't admit ♪
♪ I must be
some kind of creature ♪
♪ Up here having fits ♪
♪ From my party house.
I'm afraid to come outside ♪
♪ Although I'm filled
with love ♪
♪ I'm afraid
they'll hurt my pride ♪
♪ So I play the part
I feel they want of me ♪
♪ And I pull the shades ♪
♪ So I won't see them
seeing me ♪
♪ Having hard times ♪
♪ In this crazy town ♪
♪ There's no love
to be found ♪
to be found ♪♪
♪ ♪
[dramatic music]
[in Vietnamese] I'm sorry
I couldn't give you a son.
That was never your destiny.
my sweet Yen.
Seems like my greatest
instrument of death
is only capable of taking life.
Then why am I to be punished?
Punishment?
No. Yen.
This is honor.
We all have to sacrifice now.
You have thrived
beyond your duty to our cause.
Now. at last. you are asked
to pay one final price.
And then...
your love will be eternal.
♪ ♪
[Terry. in English] ♪ You were
four. and I was six ♪
♪ Rode on horses
made of sticks ♪
♪ You wore black.
and I wore white ♪
♪ You would always win
the fight ♪
♪ Bang. bang.
you shot me down ♪
[muffled] ♪ Bang. bang.
I hit the ground ♪
♪ Bang. bang.
that awful sound ♪
my baby shot me down ♪
♪ You grew up.
and I left town ♪
♪ I would always call
you mine ♪
♪ You would always laugh
and say ♪
♪ "Remember
when we used to play?" ♪
♪ Bang. bang.
you shot me down ♪
[distorted voices]
[heartbeat thumping]
[button clicks]
[clicking]
♪ ♪
♪ Till the day
I don't know why ♪
♪ Sit alone. sometimes I cry ♪
♪ Wouldn't even try to lie
about the times ♪
♪ We knew inside ♪
♪ Bang. bang.
you shot me down ♪
I hit the ground ♪
♪ Bang. bang.
that awful sound ♪
♪ Bang. bang ♪♪
[distant siren wailing]
[workman]
Put it right over there.
[clattering]
Hey!
What the fuck are y'all doing
in my dojo?
[distant car horns honking]
Hey!
That ain't mine!
You got the wrong address!
Hey!
That ain't mine.
Who do you work for?
[workman] Not you. bitch.
[Orphan Master] Burton. huh?
Shit.
You're faster than they say.
You're new here?
Chen know about this?
Chen's gone.
New rules. my rules.
In this neighborhood. everyone
gets a cigarette machine.
[Lou] My father and Chen
had an understanding.
He stayed
out of my father's business.
and we stayed out of his.
It's a little more complex
than that.
[Lou] Well. here's my rule.
You mess with my place.
you messing with my family.
I'm a businessman.
You're a businesswoman.
Focus on your business.
not picking up broken glass.
[♪ Gerry Rafferty:
"Baker Street"]
♪ ♪
Weiko!
[knock at door]
Hi.
It's me.
♪ ♪
What?
[Mayhew] You're not answering
your phone.
♪ ♪
Look. what the hell
are you doing. huh?
It's Tuesday.
Fucking Tuesday.
You know what? This is exactly
what I'm talking about.
You think you can just
break into my house.
drop off some file.
and everything
just goes back to normal?
I'm trying to help you
with your little
investigation here.
Thought you'd appreciate it.
Your guy's MIA. so you can stop
your little goose chase.
[KD] You know. I don't need
your help. and he's not MIA.
- No?
- [KD] No.
How do you know that?
You saw him?
No.
[Mayhew] How do you know that?
I got a hunch.
[laughs] A detective
with a hunch... that's original.
You know what?
Screw you.
Just tell me why you're
so fixated on the guy.
You know. I thought
we had an agreement.
I don't ask about your family.
you don't ask me about...
This is different than that.
and you know it.
[KD] It's not different.
Stay out of my
personal business.
♪ ♪
I didn't come here
to argue with you.
No. I know exactly
what you came here for.
- Oh. you do?
- Yep.
It's the perfect relationship.
- [chuckles derisively]
- Okay.
Keep our side shit out of it.
Copy that.
- Yeah. No. No. no. no. no.
- Shh. shh. shh. come here.
I'm sorry.
♪ ♪
[telephone ringing]
[sighs]
- [receiver clatters]
- [KD] Hello?
Speaking.
♪ ♪
Francis Scott?
You sure it's him?
♪ ♪
[exhales sharply]
No. no. no. no.
Uh. just. uh. uh.
give me a moment.
I'll be there. all right?
Thank you.
♪ ♪
Look. this maybe don't help
take the pain away.
but word on the street is that
Frankie got the last laugh.
Chest was empty.
W-what do you mean empty?
[music stops]
I mean whatever
they killed him for.
they never got it.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
Everything's always
on Frankie's terms.
♪ ♪
I feel like somebody should...
say something.
I can say a little...
I'm going to kill Cormac.
and I need all of you.
I was thinking more like
a prayer or something.
Cormac is on
a different level now. Winston.
You so much as spit
on his stoop.
every freak in and around
that hotel will be after you.
My point exactly.
Coin press is still missing.
They're gonna come after
anyone who ever knew Frankie.
We had nothing to do with this.
He's desperate.
We have to strike first.
[Lemmy] Let's just give him
what he wants.
Let this beef die with Frankie.
I don't have it.
and I have no clue where
Frankie would have hidden it.
And they will kill all of us
before they realize that.
It ain't as simple
as taking him out.
We still got to deal
with The Continental.
[Lou] A takeover...
of the whole hotel?
[Winston] Listen...
if we kill Cormac.
we're not only taking his life.
We are taking his goddamn house
and everything that comes
with it...
including his hold
on the gun-running game.
That's right.
Everything will go through you.
No longer
will you be a middleman
living outside the system...
you will be the system.
How are we supposed to believe
a guy in an ascot
can pull this off?
That's simple...
because I know Cormac.
I know how he operates.
how he thinks.
how he manipulates people.
because as a kid.
he did it to me and Frankie.
We were his errand boys.
We thought he was a god.
[Miles]
That's not gonna be enough.
Well. I also have
a lot of money.
problem-solving money.
enough to build an army.
I was planning on starting
a new life with it.
[door opens]
[Yen. in Vietnamese]
Where's Frankie?
[in English]
What did she say?
She wants to know
where Frankie is.
Frankie.
Uh-oh.
♪ ♪
- [screams]
- [Lou] Stop.
Lemmy. talk to...
Jesus!
[choking]
Look...
Okay. okay.
Hold on. Hold on a second.
Let me explain. all right?
We had no time.
I had to move quickly. okay?
[Miles] Yen. stop!
- Stop. stop. stop!
- [Lou] Yen. stop!
Wait. back off.
You had no right.
I know.
I'm sorry.
♪ ♪
Hold on. hold on. hold on.
Get back.
[both straining]
♪ ♪
[Winston] Yen. I'm sorry.
[Miles] Yen. wait.
- [Lemmy] What. uh...
- [door opens]
- ...sorry.
- [door slams]
♪ ♪
[Miles] If we're gonna take on
The Continental.
we're gonna need her.
♪ ♪
[distant siren wailing]
Francis Patrick Scott.
Yep.
Okay. yeah.
but where the hell is he now?
[coroner] Ezra. get in here.
Yeah?
Where the hell is drawer 101.
Francis Scott?
I don't know.
I didn't tag him.
This isn't your handwriting?
Nope.
[coroner]
Sorry about the confusion.
It's been a nightmare
around here.
Bodies piling up every winter.
It's awful.
But when he turns up.
I'll give you a call.
[KD] You do that.
Thanks.
[drawer closes]
Hey. Ezra.
You didn't tag Francis Scott?
No.
[KD] Interesting.
Coroner's assistant. huh?
That's. like.
one step above gassing puppies
at the pound. no?
[sighs]
I just can't even imagine
all the creepy stuff
that happens in here.
You probably don't want me
looking around here. right?
You don't intimidate me. lady.
[drawer slams. Ezra screams]
- How about now?
- [drawer slams]
Jesus.
Tell you what... I'll let you
keep doing whatever it is
that you're doing down here
if you tell me who came
and got Francis Scott's body.
I don't know his name.
He gets contraband
delivered here
every once in a while
from overseas.
I don't ask questions.
- [drawer slams]
- Aah!
This wasn't from overseas.
Listen. they came in
flashing a bunch of cash.
wanted the body cremated.
That's a nice watch.
- "They"?
- Yeah. yeah.
Yeah. uh.
t-there were two of them.
O-one I never seen before...
t-t-the guy's brother. I guess.
fancy out-of-towner.
♪ ♪
- What's his brother's name?
- I don't know.
What do you know?
They... they were driving
a green VW bus.
Ah! I think they live
in C-Chinatown.
♪ ♪
[KD] If you think
of anything else.
you know where to find me.
[♪ Bach: "Cello Suite No. 1"]
♪ ♪
[Charon]
Really a magnificent talent.
Credit to you. sir.
for discovering him.
Well. in crisis. we're all
gluttons in our own way.
You gorge yourself
on cellists. while I...
well. I-I prefer
more traditional victuals.
♪ ♪
[music stops]
If I knew you were coming.
I'd have rolled out the red...
Oh. you weren't expecting me...
in the wake
of last night's events?
And you eat...
rather celebratory. considering
your slew of recent failures.
- Comfort food. nothing more.
- [Adjudicator] Comfort?
You think in history's
great tales of survival.
legendary men who battled
their way back from defeat.
they did so
by comforting themselves?
Well. I'm merely suggesting...
Or was it the threat
of starvation.
the inevitable raping
and pillaging.
the eradication
of their bloodline
that motivated these men
to pull themselves back
from the fire?
[dark music]
♪ ♪
[chewing]
You know. it's understandable.
People who are born
into wealth as you were.
they often seek comfort
in the face of adversity.
Perhaps it's time for you
to feel uncomfortable.
Yeah?
I mean. discomfort is
the great equalizer.
Because the mess
your people made last night
has brought
the missing coin press
to the attention
of the High Table.
I'll find it.
I got people in the field...
[Adjudicator]
You're a shell of yourself.
Your own people
are stealing from you.
I want
the High Table's resources.
You have three days.
You have three days
to locate the coin press
and bring those responsible
to our feet.
If you fail. the High Table
will declare interregnum.
suspend your position
until we can name a successor.
Your gilded cage
will come crashing in on you.
♪ ♪
Enjoy your meal.
[smooches]
♪ ♪
[sighs]
Fuck.
♪ ♪
[groans. sighs]
[Charon] What now. sir?
Now?
I'm still dealing
with her face.
♪ ♪
[person grunts]
[gunshot]
- [objects clatter]
- Strike.
[Winston]
Let's think about this.
What do we have going for us?
Okay. for starters.
the killers in that hotel.
they're men and women. right?
They bleed just like we do.
They also
won't be expecting us. right?
Because no one's ever made
a run at The Continental.
[Lemmy] Yeah. because
it's fucking insane.
We're gonna need more fingers
to pull all these triggers.
Okay. do you have
any other military friends?
Not that I'd bring in on this.
Most of those guys are just
trying to find their way back.
Those willing to get
their hands this dirty.
they've already joined Cormac.
Gonna be a bitch
trying to find somebody
not already in his pocket.
Well. there has to be somebody.
- Well. there is Gene.
- [Lou] Jenkins?
- Dad's old friend?
- [Miles] Yeah.
At one time. he even had a
corner room at The Continental.
[Winston] Okay.
It's a good start.
Hey. Lou. where's your head at
with all this?
I'll help.
God knows you're gonna need it.
But I won't be pulling
any triggers.
and I will not storm
the castle.
- [gun cocks]
- What?
There's always Mazie.
She's no fan of Cormac.
[Miles] Yeah. she bought
from us last year.
or at least I think she did.
Never met her face-to-face.
[Lou] Runs an operation
out the Bowery.
Nobody knows exactly what
it is or who works for her.
They talk about it like
it's the army of the unseen.
like she's the queenpin
of the criminals.
I mean. that... that's... that's
the nickname I gave her.
but she's definitely
a competitor of Cormac.
I don't understand.
Why hasn't he snuffed her out?
Well. it's not easy
to snuff something out
when you don't know
what you're snuffing.
Mazie's group doesn't ally
itself with outsiders.
Anybody not from the Bowery
can forget it.
Well. I'll take my chances.
Where in the Bowery?
[Lou] We could tell you
where we made the drop.
but adjust your expectations.
These people do not play
by the rules.
[♪ 999: "Homicide"]
♪ ♪
[whistling]
[singer] ♪ I believe ♪
♪ In homicide ♪
♪ ♪
♪ I rest my case ♪
♪ Don't cast aside ♪
♪ ♪
♪ You'd better believe it ♪
♪ That's the truth of it ♪
♪ Take it or leave it ♪
♪ Resign to it ♪
[indistinct chatter]
♪ Homicide ♪
♪ No one cares ♪
♪ When someone lies ♪
♪ ♪
♪ They'd rather say
that it's a red alert ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Homicide ♪
♪ Homicide...
♪ ♪
[Aurelio] Dad. why are we
taking Charlie's stuff?
[Ronnie] Lio. because he almost
got me killed yesterday.
plus he owes me
a shit ton of money.
Remember. bubba... heavier.
the better. shinier. the...
- [tires squealing]
- Get in the trailer! Now!
Dale! Dale!
[singer] ♪ Homicide ♪
♪ Homicide ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Hom. hom. hom. hom.
homicide ♪♪
[whistling
"Pop Goes the Weasel"]
♪ ♪
[whistling stops.
indistinct chatter]
Well. look
what the cat drug in...
Miles and Miles and Miles.
- [door closes]
- Make yourself at home.
I was on a little picnic.
You care for some vino?
[Miles] I brought that optical
you wanted replaced.
Oh.
Straight to business.
How fun.
What?
[Miles]
There's nothing wrong with it.
Works perfectly.
No. there's definitely
something wrong
with that sight.
That's not in question here.
although I'm not
entirely certain what is.
[tap on table]
[Miles]
What's the serial number?
Really. Miles. a pop quiz?
I'll wait for finals.
So how's Lou doing these days?
- She's doing okay.
- [Gene] Oh. really?
Not still grieving the. uh.
absence of your father?
I wouldn't say she's over it.
[Gene] Well. maybe the truth
would help in that regard...
parts of it. anyway.
I'm not here to talk
about all that. Gene.
So you just dropped in to
convince a retiree to retire.
- [Miles] You're not retired.
- Oh. please.
Why not find yourself a lady?
Enjoy your golden years.
And do what...
regale her
with tales of my youth.
when I could liquefy
a man's brains at 350 yards?
What kind of lady
would that attract?
No. no. I think I'll stick
to the solitary life.
[Miles] Suit yourself.
Good to see you. Gene.
What is going on with you?
- What are you talking about?
- [Gene] Come on.
I've known you since before
you could poop on the potty.
Something's brewing.
It's not something
I can talk about. Gene.
[Gene] What's that.
The Continental?
Word on the street...
some young'uns in trouble.
We're trying to put together
a crew.
It might just be
a suicide mission.
It's definitely crazy.
[Gene] Is it really? Crazy?
Suicidal or not...
yours is a righteous cause.
If anyone ever deserved
to be eliminated...
...it's Cormac O'Connor.
[dramatic music]
That's the goal.
[stammers]
I'll get glasses.
- [Miles] What?
- [Gene] Prescription.
- Okay.
- [Gene] Y'all need me.
Nobody knows
that Do-Drop-Inn like I do...
its inner workings and whatnot.
And I guarantee you
no one knows
that son of a bitch like me...
no one left to tell the tale.
that is.
What do you say?
Okay. you're in.
- [Gene] Just like that?
- You make a strong case.
[door opens]
Oh. sweet Jesus.
Did you just play me?
[Miles]
Don't forget the glasses.
[Gene]
I'll be a son of a bitch.
[♪ Heart: "Magic Man"]
♪ ♪
[indistinct chatter]
[Ann] ♪ Cold late night
so long ago ♪
♪ When I was not so strong.
you know ♪
♪ A pretty man came to me ♪
♪ Never seen eyes so blue ♪
♪ You know. I could not run
away. it seemed...
[song continues faintly]
[host] Could I help you. sir?
I fear I've overdressed.
- Yes. I'm looking for Mazie.
- Sir?
Mazie. the... the woman
in charge of whatever this is?
Um. I'm afraid I'm not sure
who you're talking about.
I... the person in charge...
No. it's fine.
I'll just seat myself.
- Thank you.
- [host] Sir.
Sir?
- [person coughing]
- [Ann] ♪ "Try to understand ♪
♪ "Try. try.
try to understand ♪
♪ I'm a magic man" ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Winter nights.
we sang in tune ♪
♪ Played inside
the months of moon ♪
♪ Never think of never ♪
♪ Let this spell
last forever ♪
♪ Well. summer lover
passed to fall ♪
♪ Tried to realize it all ♪
♪ Mama says she's worried ♪
♪ Growing up in a hurry ♪
♪ Yeah...
You wanted to see me?
♪ "Come on home. girl."
Mama cried on the phone...
Please.
We don't serve your kind here.
[Winston] That's good.
because I don't eat my kind.
[grunts]
[guns cocking]
[person] Put your knife down.
pretty boy.
My apologies.
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
[knife clatters on plate]
You must be the woman
I'm looking for.
And you must be
the son of a bitch
everyone's looking for.
[Harry] ♪ No. I can't forget
tomorrow ♪
♪ When I think
of all my sorrow ♪
♪ When I had you there ♪
♪ But then I let you go ♪
♪ And now it's only fair ♪
♪ That I should let you know ♪
♪ What you should know ♪
♪ No ♪
♪ Can't live ♪
♪ If living is without you ♪
♪ I can't give anymore ♪
♪ Can't live...
[mercenary]
The press ain't here.
[music continues muffled]
♪ ♪
♪ No. I can't forget
tomorrow ♪
♪ When I think
of all my sorrow ♪
♪ When I had you there ♪
♪ But then I let you go ♪
♪ And now it's only fair ♪
♪ That I should let you know ♪
♪ What you should know ♪
♪ No ♪
♪ I can't live ♪
♪ If living is without you ♪
♪ I can't give anymore ♪
♪ I can't live ♪
♪ If living is without you ♪
♪ I can't give ♪
♪ I can't give anymore ♪
♪ Well. I can't forget
this evening ♪
♪ Or your face
as you were leaving ♪
♪ But I guess
that's just the way ♪
♪ The story goes ♪
♪ You always smile but in...
[distant pounding]
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
[distant clattering]
[mercenary] Check over there.
What the hell?
♪ ♪
[laughs]
No. fuck you.
[all] ♪ Let's all go
to the lobby...
[mercenary] Spread out.
[all] ♪ Let's all go
to the lobby ♪
♪ To get ourselves a treat ♪
[singer]
♪ Little thing to eat ♪
[singers]
♪ The popcorn can't be beat ♪
[all] ♪ Let's all go
to the lobby ♪
♪ To get ourselves a treat ♪♪
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
- [gun cocks. gunshot]
- [screams]
[Harry] ♪ Can't live ♪
♪ If living is without you ♪
♪ Can't live ♪
♪ I can't give anymore ♪
♪ I can't live ♪
♪ If living is without you ♪
♪ I can't give anymore ♪
♪ ♪
♪ If living is without you ♪♪
[grunts loudly]
[breathing heavily]
[Mazie] The men who come to me
are usually looking for help
in some way or another.
After your brother
stole the coin press
and you blew into town.
I thought there was
a decent chance
you'd walk through my door.
My condolences. by the way.
What do you know
about me. Winston?
Well. people say
you have an army.
And unlike every other player
in this town.
you are not
under Cormac's thumb.
Now I just need to know.
what is your going rate.
and how soon can you start?
I thought you'd be smart enough
to know that I don't deal
in dollars.
It's how I maintain
independence
from men like Cormac.
All right.
well. I'm very resourceful.
Tell me what you need.
Love.
Love?
[Mazie] The men I call
my flock.
you walk by them on the street
every day. never noticing.
invisible...
no self-worth.
But you take those same men
and give them back
their humanity.
do you know what they give you
in return?
What's that?
Everything.
And now
that same invisibility...
they embrace it
because they no longer need you
to see them because...
They see themselves.
Love.
- Can you dig it?
- [chuckles]
[Mazie]
I was born from rich folks.
Didn't want their money.
Don't want yours.
When a man comes
to needing help.
I only have one requirement.
They have to tell me
their story.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
I'm the man who's going
to kill Cormac O'Connor.
[Mazie] No.
No.
It's too easy.
Why are you the man
who's going to kill
Cormac O'Connor?
♪ ♪
[whispering indistinctly]
Your coming here wasn't just
predictable to me apparently.
- [tires squealing]
- It's being taken care of.
[tires screeching.
person mutters angrily]
♪ ♪
[tires squealing]
[Mazie] Time for you to go.
Well. you... you still haven't
told me your price. yet.
There's got to be something.
Tough to buy for. aren't I?
You'll be leaving
a different way.
[♪ Pink Floyd:
"Welcome to the Machine"]
♪ ♪
[singer] ♪ Welcome. my son ♪
♪ Welcome to the machine ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Where have you been...
[person] He'll be right down.
[singer] ♪ It's all right.
we know where you've been ♪
♪ ♪
♪ You've been in the pipeline.
filling in time ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Provided with toys
and scouting for boys ♪
♪ ♪
♪ You bought a guitar
to punish your ma ♪
♪ ♪
♪ You didn't like school ♪
♪ And you know
you're nobody's fool ♪
♪ ♪
♪ So welcome ♪
♪ To the machine...
[Cormac] The Almighty made
the world in six days
and rested on the seventh.
The High Table have given us
three days
and not a single minute
of rest.
Know that if I go down...
I'm taking all of you
down with me.
You understand?
Your failure humiliates me.
and it's no secret what I do
to those who humiliate me.
Now get out of here
so I can pray.
It's a sacrilege.
you people even being here
in the first place.
It's a wonder you don't
all burst into flames.
♪ ♪
Help me.
I wish I had the answers. sir.
I wasn't talking to you.
♪ ♪
[yelling]
Jesus!
[Ronnie] Oh.
Jesus Christ.
Oh. Winston. sorry.
Simple hello next time. please.
What the hell happened here?
Whatever Frankie took.
he didn't give it back.
Those fuckers tore this place
apart looking for it.
I've been hiding all day.
Sorry about your brother.
It's not an easy life.
- Have you heard from Charlie?
- [Ronnie] Hell no.
Bailed as soon as things
heated up. typical Charlie.
That asshole still owes me
money for the helicopter ride.
Of course he does.
[Ronnie] So I snagged
his Mustang
and a few other items
worth something.
I got a kid to feed.
- You good?
- Mm-hmm.
[Winston]
Hey. you all right. chap?
[Aurelio] I'm good.
[Ronnie] Figured you'd be
long gone by now.
What do you need from Charlie?
I'm putting a team together.
and he's always told me that
he has a guy for everything.
Yeah. I'm the guy.
[Lemmy] Jesus.
So let me get this right.
You won't even touch a gun.
but all this other crazy
lethal shit. that's fine?
It was my father's code.
Lemmy... no guns.
I helped build this place.
Wouldn't make sense
for me to live any other way.
With hand-to-hand
or any other weapon.
you have a choice...
life or death.
With a gun.
there is no choice...
only death.
You want me to... all right.
Come on. switch.
[clears throat]
Why are you doing this. Lemmy?
'Cause you scare
the shit out of me.
No. this suicide mission.
You didn't love Frankie.
No. but I love Miles.
I know.
I mean. look at everything
he gave me. you know?
I work there. eat there...
sleep right there.
This is my foxhole now.
After the war.
if it wasn't for Miles...
I would have...
I know.
[Winston] Queenpin...
it's an understatement.
I'm not exactly sure
what it is I saw.
but all I know is. we need her
and her entire operation.
[Miles]
How much is it gonna cost?
Well. she's not interested
in money apparently. just love.
A deadly hippie...
now. there's an oxymoron.
Uh-oh.
What's this?
Whoa. lookee here.
Did Frankie make this?
Thank you. Yen.
♪ ♪
You think this means
she's on board?
Fingers crossed.
- Gene.
- [Gene] Hmm?
This track
with what you remember?
[Gene]
Frankie did a good job.
but it's a sketch.
not a blueprint.
There's everything
in that building.
from secret doors
to Cormac's bulletproof glass
to who knows what else
he's got in there now.
Right there.
[Miles] The armoury.
[Gene] That's your Holy Grail.
Holy Grail for who?
Whoever gets to it first.
Why does a hotel for hit men
have an armoury. anyway?
Crooks are always worried
somebody gonna come after 'em.
whether it's cops
or some other crook.
So the. uh. armoury helps them
get a good night's sleep.
- We need an inside man.
- [Gene] Hmm.
In the old days. maybe. but...
now there's two kind
of folk in there...
too evil to be trusted
or too brainwashed
to betray Cormac.
It's not a frickin' club
anymore... it's a cult.
There's got to be
an Achilles' heel
in there somewhere.
Well. while you look into it.
I can't be late
for this pickup.
[in Vietnamese]
Yen? Can you give me a hand?
[♪ Bobbie Gentry:
"Seasons Come. Seasons Go"]
♪ ♪
[Mayhew. in English]
Left hand. red.
- [laughter]
- That's a stretch.
You're doing good.
Again. right hand. red.
- [knock at door]
- Right hand. red.
[indistinct chatter]
Who invited
somebody over here. huh?
♪ ♪
Jesus.
You're full of surprises
lately. aren't you?
I need a favor.
[Janice] Hon. is that KD?
Why don't you come in and play?
Yeah. you know what?
I would love to.
She can't tonight.
sweetheart... she's working.
Another time.
Just give me one minute.
You need a favor?
Anything to do
with that phone call?
Yeah. it does.
[indistinct happy shouting]
- God damn. you smell good.
- All right.
Your wife is 30 feet away.
Yeah. I know where she is.
Just keep your voice down.
Yeah. well. are you
gonna help me or what?
Depends on what you want.
[indistinct chatter continues]
I need to find a green VW bus
in Chinatown.
- Without a warrant?
- Yeah. without a warrant.
Well. I'm sorry.
but it's a little arousing.
you trying to bend the rules
all of a sudden.
You know what?
I never had
a family game night.
Twister looks real fun.
All right. all right.
all right. I'm gonna help you.
It was nice seeing you. Janice.
- Maybe next time. all right?
- Okay. you too.
Oh. my goodness.
[indistinct chatter continues]
[Bobbie] ♪ Leaving me to stay
and face December snow...
Fuck.
♪ The seasons come...
[Miles. in Vietnamese]
I need you to tell me
you're going to stick
to the plan here.
[Yen] What are we doing?
[Miles] Old platoon buddy
owes me a favor.
Left me one of the vehicles...
filled with gear we need.
Walkie-talkies. monitors...
the works.
Are you listening?
[Yen] I don't listen
with my eyes.
[Miles] I'm going to jump
the fence and snag the truck.
What am I supposed to do?
Drive the van back.
Shit plan.
You brought me all the way
here to drive the van?
Just be a team player.
[in English] Okay?
Fight of the century?
No.
His real fight of the century
was against going to Vietnam.
The government tried
to destroy him.
refused to let him box.
ordered him
to do five years in jail.
but he fought that
at the peak of his career...
went all the way
to the Supreme Court and won.
No jail time. no Nam.
Banghiang.
[in Vietnamese]
Banghiang River?
[in English] Yeah.
But to me and Frankie.
it's what we called
the loudest day of war.
I mean. there was
20-millimeter cannon fire...
helicopter gunships.
B-52 payloads.
You couldn't hear
the guy next to you.
And what was left of our unit
was caught right in the middle.
nowhere to run.
no radio. enemy advancing.
[dramatic music]
All you could do was pray.
And we did for what
must have been hours.
But at some point.
I realized I could hear Frankie
talking to God...
no bombs...
no helicopters...
total silence.
It was the weirdest feeling...
like the war suddenly ended.
but they'd forgotten
to tell us.
So when we got back to base...
we realized the war
had stopped because...
being broadcast
all over the world.
Muhammad Ali was fighting
Joe Frazier
at Madison Square Garden.
♪ ♪
Both sides had stopped
killing each other
just long enough to listen.
♪ ♪
Frankie and I...
sat over that radio...
and shared something
I don't think either of us
had ever experienced...
[inhales sharply]
A true moment of peace...
'cause on both sides.
there was no enemy.
♪ ♪
[in Vietnamese] Did you
understand everything I said?
I never thanked you.
For what?
For helping Frankie
bring me here.
[lights thud]
[in English]
That's the signal.
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
If anything happens.
just leave without me.
♪ ♪
[van door closes.
engine turns over]
♪ ♪
[tires squealing]
[number pad beeping]
[buzzer sounds]
Shit.
- [dog barking]
- [guard] Hey.
What's going on?
We have an outage?
Uh. yep.
[guard] Nobody on the radio
called it in.
Oh.
That's weird.
You sure?
[dog snarls]
Can you step
out of the vehicle?
[tires squealing.
engine revving]
- Hey! Hey. hey. hey!
- [dog barking]
Shit plan!
[guard] Hey!
Hey. whoa!
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa!
Hey! Hey!
No. stop!
[elegant cello music playing]
♪ ♪
Always the best part of my day.
You flatter me. Charon.
- Writing to your father again?
- Yes.
I was just telling him
how brilliant you are.
[Thomas] I'm sure I'm not
as talented as he is.
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
[Gene]
That building right there...
that's where I can do
the most damage.
♪ ♪
[Winston]
Looks like apartments.
What are the odds we can find
a vacant one?
You leave that to me.
I'm your guy on the outside.
Worry about your guys
on the inside.
[Thomas]
You ever think of leaving?
♪ ♪
- The hotel?
- Yeah.
There's so much
to experience out there.
True.
But I don't think Mr. O'Connor
can survive without me.
♪ ♪
Or you without him.
Does your father know
about this place?
Yes. of course. I've told him.
♪ ♪
Have you really told him?
Do you know what goes on here?
I've heard rumors.
[Charon]
When I left my country.
my father gave me
everything he had saved
so I could come to the U.S.
A fresh start he never had.
I sent him a photo
of me standing right here
with a view of the city.
And guess what.
He cried...
tears of joy for my success.
You must understand...
where I'm from.
violence is rampant.
Here. at least
the chaos is controlled.
I feel safer here
than I ever did back home.
♪ ♪
I can't imagine.
[Gene] You remember
that red light?
[Winston] Yes.
[Gene] Cormac mash that button.
red light comes on
in every room.
including the shitter.
and voilà...
killing on hotel grounds
is allowed.
and our whole goddamn plan
is over before it started.
If we do it right.
Cormac's dead before he can
mash that red button.
And by the time the rest
of that godforsaken place
knows he's dead. it's too late.
We'll have the undeniable
tactical advantage.
[Gene] Okay.
How exactly do we get to Cormac
so as to attain that
undeniable tactical advantage?
You said
there were two types of people
in The Continental. right?
Evil and brainwashed. Why?
Which one's which?
♪ ♪
[Gene] Well. aren't you smart?
I wanted to tell you.
I've been accepted
to a music conservatory
in Ireland.
I'll soon be leaving the city.
That will be good for you.
♪ ♪
Perhaps you could come with me.
[scoffs]
I-I could never do that.
Why not?
[Charon] When I first arrived.
Mr. O'Connor promised
he would bring my father over
once I'd proven myself.
That time is soon.
♪ ♪
I hope he keeps his promise
[Gene] The cellist is just
a hired hand.
but the kid...
I don't know. Winston.
Cormac's been grooming him
for some time.
- It'd be high risk.
- Also high reward.
♪ ♪
[camera shutter clicking]
[♪ The Funkees: "Ole"]
[person singing in Igbo]
♪ ♪
- [Jamal chuckles] My man.
- My brother.
- [Jamal] How you doing. man?
- [Charon] I'm good.
- [Jamal] Any requests?
- Surprise me.
Ah. right on. brother.
Right on.
♪ ♪
[music stops.
indistinct chatter]
[♪ Orgone: "Funky Nassau"]
♪ ♪
[singer]
♪ Nassau's gone funky ♪
♪ Nassau's gone soul ♪
♪ ♪
♪ We've got
a doggone beat now ♪
♪ We're gonna call
our very own ♪
Charon? You good?
Yes. Thank you. Jamal.
I have no idea
what to write in response.
Words fail me.
♪ ♪
Trouble back home?
Unfortunately. I think
if your shop were in my city.
there would be no shop today.
He seems to be coming
for everybody...
senseless.
♪ ♪
Come over here a minute.
I got something for you.
Take your mind off it.
♪ Listen to the drummer
play his feet ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Listen to the bass man ♪
♪ Go get
that same groovy beat ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Listen to the guitar
give that soul some too ♪
♪ ♪
♪ The horn. now.
bring it on home to you ♪
♪ Play the funky now ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Oh. yeah ♪
♪ Funky ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Funky Nassau ♪
♪ Listen. listen good ♪
♪ ♪
♪ New York. you know ♪
♪ Has got
a whole lot of soul ♪
♪ Good God ♪
♪ London Town ♪
♪ Is too doggone cold ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Nassau's got sunshine...
- Hey! Get over here!
- [dog barking]
[singer] ♪ Yeah ♪
♪ But we've gone funky ♪
♪ And we got some soul too ♪
♪ All right ♪
♪ Funky Nassau ♪
♪ Listen ♪
♪ Funky ♪♪
[indistinct chatter]
[Lou] Damn it!
Stop!
♪ ♪
Come here. you little shit!
Why you keep breaking
my windows. huh?
Get your hands off him.
Get in.
[Lou] Glass needs picking up.
Either he does it.
or you do it.
[♪ James Brown:
"Get Up Offa That Thing"]
[James] ♪ Ow ♪
♪ Oh. whoo ♪
♪ Say it now ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Get up offa that thing ♪
♪ And dance
till you feel better ♪
♪ Get up offa that thing
and dance till you ♪
♪ Sing it now ♪
♪ Get up offa that thing ♪
♪ And dance
till you feel better ♪
♪ Get up offa that thing ♪
♪ And try to release
that pressure ♪
♪ Get up offa that thing ♪
♪ And dance
till you feel better ♪
♪ Get up offa that thing ♪
♪ Shake it. say it now ♪
♪ And dance
till you feel better ♪
♪ Get up offa that thing ♪
♪ Try to release
that pressure...
♪ ♪
[gunshot. people screaming]
You've embarrassed them enough.
[in Cantonese]
You're all pathetic.
Go home.
[indistinct shouting]
[in English]
Please.
[traditional
Chinese music plays]
[in Cantonese]
Chicken feet.
♪ ♪
[in English]
You own this place?
Not the place.
just the people.
Your chicken feet are coming.
[Lou] My Haitian grandma used
to nail chicken feet
to her door.
scare away the boogeyman.
[in Cantonese]
Stop it. boy.
Or I'll take
your other arm. too.
[in English] One-armed beggars
earn twice as much.
Ironic. isn't it?
Kid has the same problem
you have.
Thinks he's special.
Doesn't follow the rules.
- I give him purpose.
- Throwing rocks at my dojo.
"Dojo" is Japanese.
This is Chinatown.
Daddy got away
with a lot of shit.
- You know that?
- And that stops with you?
Kwoon.
All he had to do was use
the right word.
Kwoon.
See how easy that is?
So you're harassing us
because we missed the mark
on cultural specificity?
You people had a free ride
for too long.
And I don't give a shit
who your daddy was.
"You people"?
Why don't you admit it?
You hate that he won the belts.
You hate
that he won the hearts.
You can't stand any of that
because he was Black.
And you want to keep
telling yourself
that we stole something.
that we didn't come
by it honestly
'cause we don't look like you.
Well. my father
built that place
by beating the best of the best
and living a life of honor.
So much more to this story
than you know.
You're the thief
in this hood. the parasite.
[Tom] ♪ Gow! ♪
[♪ Tom Waits:
["A Sweet Little Bullet
from a Pretty Blue Gun"]
Nail those chicken feet
to that door.
[in Cantonese]
Boogeyman will be coming.
[Tom. in English]
♪ Well. it's raining ♪
♪ It's pouring ♪
♪ Didn't bring a sweater ♪
♪ Nebraska
will never let you ♪
♪ Come back home ♪
♪ ♪
♪ No. that ain't
no cherry bomb ♪
♪ Fourth of July's all done ♪
[dog barking]
♪ It's just some fool
playing that second line ♪
♪ From the barrel
of a pretty blue gun...
♪ ♪
Guess we're giving up smoking.
The. uh. trials
of a small-business owner.
huh. Lou-Lou?
I didn't know
that you had a room
at The Continental. Gene.
Well. most folks
don't like to tell
every little old thing.
Is there anything else
my brother knows that I don't?
That's hard to say.
You'd. uh...
you'd have to ask him.
Excuse me.
What you got there.
Mr. Postman?
Our tactical advantage.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[indistinct chatter]
[Lou] This bus is
out of service.
- You understand me?
- [driver] Understood.
Everyone out.
Bus service has stopped.
[commuter] You serious?
- I've got places to be.
- [Lou] Move!
[driver] You heard the lady.
[Lou] Not you.
Take a seat.
[light music playing]
♪ ♪
[Thomas clears throat]
You asked to see me. sir?
[golf ball clatters.
glass clinks]
They told you I've accepted
an opportunity elsewhere?
The conservatory.
I heard.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
It's rare in this environment
to find anyone who's interested
in higher education.
I want you to know
how much I've appreciated
my time here.
however brief.
They. uh. told me
to bring this.
Did you want me
to play something for you?
[chuckles]
Tell me about your new school.
Is it the Canterbury...
up on the hillside
overlooking Cork?
It is.
How did...
[Cormac] I made a few calls.
Okay. one call.
I vouched for your potential.
[ominous music]
T-thank you. again. sir.
What. the reach of my influence
surprises you?
I was certain
Charon would have told you
about my capacity for charity.
especially for those
who prove themselves.
He has. yes.
I know he feels a great deal
of debt for all you've done
and all you've yet to do.
[Cormac]
Oh. that's good to hear.
He's just a boy.
so. you know. sometimes
I worry that he might not
fully appreciate everything.
[Thomas] But he does.
You should have heard him
when I broached the idea
of broadening his horizons.
He was unequivocal.
insisting his future
lies here...
with you...
nowhere else.
♪ ♪
Perhaps
you could play something
that speaks
to that faithfulness.
that commitment.
Does anything come to mind?
♪ ♪
[Thomas]
This is from Don Giovanni.
The theme of the whole piece
is "loyalty to the master."
Wonderful.
[cello playing]
♪ ♪
[Lou] Right here is good.
Charon...
...lovely to see you again.
- So you're here for revenge?
- No. No. no. no. no. no.
No. this is about justice
And this is merely
a conversation.
Relax.
I'm just curious
how Cormac talked
about my brother.
He called him a terrible thief.
[Winston] Well. Frankie was
stealing from Cormac
even before we met him.
In fact...
[inhales deeply]
...that's how
we came to meet him.
You were caught stealing?
When we were kids. Frankie did
little collection jobs.
He would get a list
every Saturday
and have to go around
the neighborhood.
Everybody paid.
no questions asked.
Frankie starts
skimming off the top.
not so much
that anyone would notice.
and this goes on
for a couple of weeks...
until one night.
our windshield explodes.
You see. we were living
in a car.
And we get dragged
through the broken glass.
across the pavement.
right to the feet
of you-know-who.
[dramatic music]
What did he do?
[Winston] I remember thinking.
"This is the scariest man
I have ever seen."
The first thing he did
was point out that my shoes
were falling apart.
as if I didn't have
any self-respect.
And then he asked. whose idea
was it. skimming from him?
And Frankie tried
bullshitting him.
so I chimed in
with the actual truth.
♪ ♪
It was my idea.
[breathes deeply]
That was the moment
he saw something in us.
That was the beginning
and the end.
[cello playing]
♪ ♪
[Charon] What are you going
to do to me?
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
Help you.
Can't you see you need help?
[clears throat]
[groans softly]
With me. I was thrown
into the system
and then sent away.
So I invented a new persona.
you know. something
to disguise me.
but it was just a lie
to hide myself
from my own shame.
'cause the truth is.
I never got away from Cormac.
He was the one who decided
what my life was.
and now he's doing that to you.
[cello playing]
[Cormac] Keep playing.
Keep playing.
♪ ♪
Everyone's gonna miss
your music.
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
I think I'll take a mulligan.
Join the club. you...
motherfucker!
You... take... my breath away.
[yells]
♪ ♪
I just got word that Cormac
has killed on hotel grounds.
[Adjudicator] Do nothing.
Tell no one.
Let them eat each other.
and the coin press will emerge.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[Winston] It may look like
we have nothing in common.
Trust me.
We are more alike
than we are different. Charon.
Unfortunately.
I have a pretty good idea
of what's in store.
What I'm asking you to do
is not easy.
It may go against
everything you stand for.
your loyalty and your honesty.
and it will mean
keeping secrets
and telling lies
and breaking promises
and sacrificing anything
he has promised you...
like bringing your father to
The Continental. for example.
[indistinct chatter]
[Charon]
Did he ever punish you?
The first time you met.
when he caught you skimming?
The next day. I was in school
giving a book report.
and in walks
this terrifying man
I'd never seen before.
He slams this box
on my teacher's desk
and says to me.
"Open the fucking box."
You know what was inside?
[Charon scoffs]
A new pair of shoes.
♪ ♪
[Winston] A father figure
is responsible
for teaching you
about loyalty and family.
relationships and business.
And Cormac may preach this.
but he only cares
about one thing...
himself.
And sooner or later.
you're gonna realize
it's either you or him.
I'm offering you a chance
to decide who you want to be
before it's too late.
♪ ♪
[elevator bell dings]
[door opens. closes]
♪ ♪
[Cormac] Our cellist friend...
...our oh-so-virtuous
virtuoso...
turned out
he was very disloyal.
He tried to steal from me...
and I am sick and tired
of people stealing from me.
Oh. he confessed.
As you can see.
I got pretty teed off.
♪ ♪
Breach of trust
like this. well...
it just makes me more grateful
to those who remain loyal.
♪ ♪
And with this in mind...
ah...
[scoffs. groans]
...I want our next musician
of residence
to be someone that we know...
an accomplished
international artist.
and yet...
someone who will fit in
more like a family member.
♪ ♪
That's right... your father.
[chuckles]
Mm.
What instrument
did your father play. again?
♪ ♪
- Violin.
- [Cormac] Ah.
♪ ♪
[Charon] Sir. I...
Winston Scott has
assembled a team.
They mean to kill you.
♪ ♪
And how do you come
to know this?
He asked me to join him.
How did that make you feel?
It felt like an opportunity.
[Cormac] Opportunity for what?
An opportunity for advancement.
- Here with me?
- [Charon] Indeed. sir.
[sighs]
Good man.
♪ ♪
May I ask you a question. sir?
[Cormac] Sure.
What was it that Thomas
was trying to steal?
♪ ♪
You.
[♪ Supertramp:
"Take the Long Way Home"]
♪ ♪
Loyalty.
[singer] ♪ So you think
you're a Romeo ♪
♪ You're playing a part
in a picture show ♪
♪ Well. take
the long way home ♪
♪ Take the long way home ♪
♪ But you're the joke
of the neighborhood ♪
♪ Why should you care
if you're feeling good? ♪
♪ Well. take
the long way home ♪
♪ Take the long way home ♪
♪ There are times ♪
♪ That you feel you're part
of the scenery ♪
♪ All the greenery ♪
♪ Is coming down. boy ♪
♪ And then your wife
seems to think ♪
♪ You're part
of the furniture ♪
♪ Oh. it's peculiar ♪
♪ She used to be so nice ♪
♪ Oh. yeah ♪
♪ ♪
Whoo!
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-